NovaCustom battery management (#619)
Dasharo/docs: docs/unified/novacustom/battery-management.md

# NovaCustom power and battery subsystem

NovaCustom laptops equipped with Dasharo firmware provide several battery
management mechanisms to optimize user experience and further prolong the
battery's lifespan.

> ## Boot  block when the battery is low

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Block booting when the battery is low
```

Author: Changed

To prevent corruption of the bootloader, which may occur due to sudden power cut
off during the OS boot process, booting the OS is blocked when the battery level
sits below 5%. When trying to boot the OS with the battery level below the
defined threshold, following message will be displayed on screen:

![](images/boot_block_popup.jpg)

## Disconnected battery warning

When the firmware encounters problems with detecting the battery, following
message will appear suggesting checking the physical connection between the
battery and mainboard:

![](images/battery_connection.jpg)

## Power information error

When the firmware encounters problems with retrieving information about AC and
battery state, following error message will be displayed:

![](images/power_error.jpg)

> ## Charging levels

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Charge thresholds
```

Author: Changed

> Dasharo firmware implements various battery charging level limits, which can
> vastly extend the lifespan of the battery:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Dasharo firmware implements battery charge thresholds, which aim to extend the
lifespan of the battery:
```

Author: Changed

> - plugging in the charger when the battery level sits below 95%, will result in
>     charging the battery until 98% of capacity is reached. The battery status
>     will then change to `not charging`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- charging will only start when the battery level is below 95%
```

Author: Changed

> - plugging in the charger when the battery level sits between 95% and 98%, will
>     result in not activating the battery charging mechanism util the battery
>     level below 95% is reached.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- charging will stop once the battery level reaches 98%
    
Custom charge thresholds can be configured using the Dasharo setup menu or using
third-party software like [tlp](https://linrunner.de/tlp/faq/battery.html).
```

Reviewer: The setup menu feature is not implemented or documented yet, but it will be before the release.

Author: Changed
